android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION dangerous
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION dangerous
android.permission.ACCESS_LOCATION_EXTRA_COMMANDS normal
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE normal
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE normal
android.permission.BLUETOOTH normal
android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN normal
android.permission.BROADCAST_STICKY normal
android.permission.CALL_PHONE dangerous
android.permission.CAMERA dangerous
android.permission.CHANGE_NETWORK_STATE normal
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_STATE normal
android.permission.CLEAR_APP_CACHE system|signature
android.permission.DISABLE_KEYGUARD normal
android.permission.EXPAND_STATUS_BAR normal
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT normal
android.permission.GET_ACCOUNTS dangerous
android.permission.GET_PACKAGE_SIZE normal
android.permission.INTERNET normal
android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS normal
android.permission.PROCESS_OUTGOING_CALLS dangerous
android.permission.READ_CALENDAR dangerous
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS dangerous
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE dangerous
android.permission.READ_SMS dangerous
android.permission.READ_SYNC_SETTINGS normal
android.permission.READ_SYNC_STATS normal
android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED normal
android.permission.RECEIVE_MMS dangerous
android.permission.RECEIVE_SMS dangerous
android.permission.RECEIVE_WAP_PUSH dangerous
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO dangerous
android.permission.REORDER_TASKS normal
android.permission.SEND_SMS dangerous
android.permission.SET_TIME_ZONE normal
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER normal
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS normal
android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW signature
android.permission.VIBRATE normal
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK normal
android.permission.WRITE_CALENDAR dangerous
android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS dangerous
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS signature
android.permission.WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS normal
android.permission.BIND_INPUT_METHOD signature
android.permission.CHANGE_WIFI_MULTICAST_STATE normal
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE dangerous
android.permission.BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN signature
android.permission.BIND_WALLPAPER system|signature
android.permission.KILL_BACKGROUND_PROCESSES normal
android.permission.NFC normal
com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM normal
android.permission.USE_SIP dangerous
com.android.voicemail.permission.ADD_VOICEMAIL dangerous
android.permission.BIND_TEXT_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_VPN_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE signature
android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG dangerous
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE dangerous
android.permission.WRITE_CALL_LOG dangerous
android.permission.BIND_NOTIFICATION_LISTENER_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_NFC_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_PRINT_SERVICE signature
com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT normal
android.permission.MANAGE_DOCUMENTS signature
android.permission.TRANSMIT_IR normal
com.android.launcher.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT normal
android.permission.BODY_SENSORS dangerous
android.permission.BIND_DREAM_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_TV_INPUT signature
android.permission.BIND_VOICE_INTERACTION signature
com.android.voicemail.permission.READ_VOICEMAIL system|signature
com.android.voicemail.permission.WRITE_VOICEMAIL system|signature
android.permission.ACCESS_NOTIFICATION_POLICY normal
android.permission.BIND_CARRIER_SERVICES system|signature
android.permission.BIND_CHOOSER_TARGET_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_INCALL_SERVICE system|signature
android.permission.BIND_MIDI_DEVICE_SERVICE signature
android.permission.BIND_TELECOM_CONNECTION_SERVICE system|signature
android.permission.REQUEST_INSTALL_PACKAGES normal
android.permission.USE_FINGERPRINT normal